this video is brought to you by the
intel core i7 4770k unlocked processor
if you're a speed freak added until 3500
series SSD to your Haswell system for a
truly enthusiast class experience
welcome to my unboxing of the flagship
of flagships of corsair keyboards this
is the Vengeance k95 which is a direct
replacement for the k9t in terms of
feature set and it brings some
compelling new features with it that
make it not just a slotted replacement
but I'd say a significant improvement I
mean I wouldn't have minded if they'd
called it the K 100 but I guess that
sort of breaks the you know K and 2
digits after the numbering scheme that
they were going for but the unfortunate
thing about that for Corsairs they
started at 90 they could have easily
done a K 30 or you know like a you know
20 to start with but they started right
there at 90 so that left them not a
whole lot of room to move on the
numbering scheme so the first thing
that's different about the K 95 versus
the K 90 and this was complaint number
uno for the K 90 was the fact that all
the key switches on the K 95 are now
mechanical on the k9b the macro keys as
well as the F keys along the top of the
keyboard removed rubber dome switches in
addition so all these macro keys right
here
alright now let's move over all these
macro keys here used rubber dome
membrane key switches all these F keys
at the top as well as escape used rubber
domes and these guys right here youth
rubber domes enthusiasts basically when
it Corsair we think it's interesting
your philosophy about how you want these
ones to feel different tactile ease so
that I can tell what I'm doing when I'm
not looking at the keyboard but we don't
care what we'd like you to do is replace
them with mechanical keys Corsair took
that feedback and implemented it with
the K 95 it is fully mechanical the next
thing that is different about the K 95
versus the K 90 is that it is in a
different color scheme so you can see
that we've got that same blue aluminum
backplane that gives the keyboard a very
Premium look did I say blue aluminum
okay we've got that same aluminum black
backplane that gives the keyboard a very
very clean look as well as extreme
ruggedness so of course our keyboards
have almost no flex you can see how
thick that piece of aluminum is that
makes up the unibody construction of it
that goes all the way down to here we go
all the way down to the bottom of the
where the wrist rest attaches and then
all the way up to the top it's very very
rigid and another thing that courser
does that's unique is they have an
extremely high distance between the
bottom of the key cap right here and the
top of the backplane and what this does
is it gives them a very strong underglow
effect because these keys are
individually backlit so these LEDs are
casting light not only through the keys
themselves and you can see there's
varying brightness levels three
brightness levels and as well as off but
also down on the backplane itself that
gives it a very very very very cool
effect this is one of the things that I
believe sold Corsair keyboards because
it's a very unique look the next thing
is the wrist rest has not been changed
much from the previous gen I really like
Corsairs implementation on the wrist
rest here and that is it's different
from the K 70 where they have done away
with the metal screws here at the edges
that make it extremely secure as well as
I believe less prone to breakage the
plastic the plastic clips on the K 70
have a pretty strong design but there's
no substitute for these metal thumb
screws that are able to attach this in a
much more more permanent fashion and
even if these broke off which I don't
think they would they could still be
guides and you could still firmly secure
it with this on the bottom of the
keyboard
you've got flip-out feet right here that
are going to allow you to change the
elevation slightly as well as rubber
feet here here here and here that'll
keep it from slipping around on the back
of the keyboard we find a single USB
pass-through so you can use this for
your mouse or for I don't know a USB
Drive or whatever else that you want as
well as a bio switch this is kind of
unique and the funny thing about the
BIOS which is coarser makes no mention
of it no mention here no mention on the
web
so I will explain what it does it
enables better compatibility with
different motherboards particularly ones
running legacy biases this was one of
the other complaints that I personally
had about the k9t was that it wasn't
always compatible with motherboards
allowing you to get into the BIOS if you
pressed to delete in time so they've got
four different profiles here one two
four and eight that will allow you to
get into the BIOS appear of your
motherboard pretty much regardless so
that's a really strong thing another
carry over from the k9t is the media
Keys which I believe are some of the
best out there so you've got stop back
play pause and forward as well as mute
and a volume wheel volume wheels are
much more intuitive and natural for me
to use than something like function of
hotkey up on the F keys themselves so I
love seeing them implemented that is
that is my favorite way of doing that
moving on down here we've got a Windows
key lock that is also a carry over as
well as the brightness adjustment that I
showed you guys before I'm going to put
it on the dimmest one to see you guys
can see what I'm talking about here and
check this out the keys are individually
backlit they are also individually
controllable here we go so you hold this
button down and all of a sudden whoa
what's going on only like a bunch of
random keys over here on the keyboard a
backlit you can change and backlight
whichever keys you desire so if you
wanted to oh yeah there you go so if you
wanted to like spell your name across
the keyboard you could blank out the
whole thing oh oh I have not done this
the most effective way but bear with me
here guys so there you have it that is
my feeble attempt to have the keyboard
say my name on it instead of any kind of
sort of reasonable patterns so there's
an L I can
ends tough u.s.c cool and that all you
have to do is you press this down hold
her down and you have effectively
changed the mode so you can switch
between the modes by pressing one of
these buttons if I recall correctly
there we go so by pressing this button
you can go full backlit not backlit and
then using brightness adjust you can
turn the whole thing off entirely very
cool stuff all of the G programmable G 1
2 G 18 keys can be programmed on-the-fly
you also have three different profile
layers for each of them and that I think
is pretty self-explanatory or you can
use Corsairs gaming software in order to
enable sort of a bunch of this
functionality as well if you don't
prefer to program things on the fly I
think that pretty much wraps it up oh
right
uh-huh cherry MX red so the K 95 is
still only available with cherry MX red
switches because these are according to
sort of what Corsair would believe
although I'd um not necessarily myrrh so
that's part of the problem but according
to Corsair for gaming cherry MX Reds are
still the most optimal key switches
because of their extremely light tactile
response so you they're very light
button presses as well as their linear
switch fashion allowing you to quickly
and easily repeat the buttons in a way
that you can't really do with the
tactile switches like Cherry MX blues
so while blues might be more satisfying
for typing this is a gaming keyboard so
Corsair is going well you know what
we're going to deliver the best product
that we think is most appropriate for
gaming and the typists can get K 70s
which are available with other key
switches as well so this particular one
cherry MX red and let's just see if I
missed anything else guys don't forget
to leave a comment under the video let
me know what you think of the k95 let me
know what you think of the unboxing of
it don't forget to like the video and
share the video if you liked it and
don't forget to subscribe - tech tips
for more unboxings reviews and other
computer videos